Thoughts throughout the Project:
	Overall, I'm really proud of the work we did. When we first came up with the idea for the project, I recognized
	that it was a lot. But at the same time, I wasn't too worried becuse I knew that our group was definitely capable.
	My experience was also significantly better than the rpg project. I no longer felt like the only person that was
	contributing. Everyone contributed and we were able to get a lot done. This productivness even allowed us to enjoy
	the games and movies we had in class without having to worry about the project. I also learned more about godot's files
	and began to understand things that were confusing at first. Prior to this project the .tcsn files just looked like alphabet
	soup, but now I understand them.
Difficulties:
	Being Quality Manager was very easy at first since we didn't have any major features going on. But as we kept working
	on the project, merge conflicts became more of an issue. Sometimes I had troubles with Github not being friendly and encountering
	problems that I hadn't experienced before. But eventually I was able to overcome the challenges which allowed me to learn more
	about Github and be more experienced. Another difficulty I experienced was the leaderboard. In the previous project, I was able
	to work with saving and loading game files. For this project, I used a similar system for the loading and saving of scores. The
	difficutly came with having to organize the scores. I also had to convert the times to minutes and seconds in order for the
	time to make sense for the player. It took a lot of debugging, but I finally was able to solve the problem.
Surprises:
	One of the biggest suprises to me was how much work we were getting done per week. During the rpg project, it was so hard to make
	progress because I mainly the only one working on the project. But having the chance to work with Zane, Owen, Kyle, and Bobby
	allowed me to see how much work can get down in one week with five people.
Lessons:
	One lesson I learned was the importance of organization. To be honest, in the last porject, our group wasn't that organized which
	sometimes led to confusion on what features we needed to work on. With the help of my group members I was able to work on my
	organzation skills and understand its importance.
