Thoughts throughout the Project:
	I think that throughout this project we did better than I expected. At the start I origonally thought
	that we overpromised on our project proposal, but as we started working it went smoother than expected.
	Overall there was no major merge conlifcts which was a big problem for me on the other project. I felt that I contributed
	alot during the project mainly in the UI section. I also created the base for the coin and powerup system that my teammates later
	worked to add onto. I think that my group was near perfect. We had good communication through the project and all did our individual roles well.
Difficulties:
	There wasn't too many difficulties except for that I was still in the process of thouroghly understanding godot. I mainly worked on the UI branch
	which I found enjoyable but it also meant that I had to create systems for using the joystick controls. I had previosuly been familiary with arrays and for loops,
	but this project made me understand them even better. I struggled using them for the select and menu's in my UI screens but I eventually got around it. Finally
	the last difficulty was understanding code I had written when working on it at a later date. When I started I didn't add many comments, so when me or my teammates would
	go back to work on it my code was difficult to understand.
Surprises:
	In this project there was only one major surprise for me, which was how much code UI actually required. When I started the making the UI branches the first couple of screens
	that I made didn't require that much code, but when I started working in the shop that's when the scale of it really shocked me. It ended up being over 350 line of code which was difficult
	to manage at first.
Lessons:
	The biggest thing that I learned was how to make UI systems. I underestamated how much work it actually took, but I ended up figuring it out. Another major thing I learned was
	how to use for loops, arrays, and dictionaries. I learned that these are all useful tools and have their own uses to acsess data and manage iterations. I also learned that global variables are one
	of the most useful things to have in a game that can be acsessed anywhere. During this project I also became very comfortable with github and wasn't worrying about casuing a merge conflict everytime
	I did something. Besides the coding part I also learned that working in a team is very valuable. The commonication between my teammates and me was very valuable. For example if I had a question about
	the code they had written or an error that I couldn't firgure out they would always be able to help. Along with just the help with coding having teammates to work on the same project made creating the
	game more efficient and helped to keep the code clean and well managed.
